[Music]
ever since the early days of gaming Star
Wars has had a forceful grip in the
industry George Lucas had the foresight
to set up his own company that would
spearhead the new generations of Star
Wars video games
some titles were so amazing their
stories rivaled those of the films and
could expand upon the universe and the
world in ways we couldn't imagine where
George dropped the ball with the movies
LucasArts was there to pick it up and
slam-dunk it with their games if there
were no og battlefronts Republic
Commando and other titles I probably
never would have cared about the Clone
Wars not all the games were perfect but
still this was the Golden Age yet every
dynasty Falls eventually the Romans knew
that and George Lucas did the
unthinkable when he sold the rights to
Disney and that was pretty much the end
of Lucas arts Star Wars 1313 was
canceled this is outrageous
it's unfair and then they gave EA the
licensing rights so allow me to
summarize most people's thoughts over
the course of EA's tenure Jesus Christ a
new battlefront with the Frostbite
engine oh my god Darth Vader and Luke
Skywalker baby I can't wait for this
this game is trash it's absolutely
nothing like the older games what the
[__] where is all the content aspire
we're still working on that MMORPG I
wish they made code two or three instead
Jesus Christ a new battlefront with the
Frostbite engine no uh-uh
I'm gonna see how this plays out this
game is trash it's absolutely nothing
like the older games and it has loop
boxes what the [__] where is all the
content
I hope EA doesn't screw up this one
somehow
Wow they didn't screw it up no more
battlefront two updates I guess it's
time I've extensively covered this game
since its revealed we got like a whole
saga of videos which you can check out a
playlist in the description keep in mind
with every major update I've
consistently gotten requests to return
to the battlefront and the last time I
revisited this I thought I'd never touch
this game again but there I was sitting
downstairs in my Jedi bathrobe which
also protects my virginity and a sense
of excitement swelled within me as I
booted up my old arch-nemesis and I was
reminded something I heard long ago I
have thought of this moment more than
you know and I wondered if here at this
ending between us if you would care
enough to try to save me if a Jedi could
find it within themselves to spare one
who has fallen so far I wanted you to
say those words for that I am grateful
that's how I've always felt about
Battlefront two that it could redeem
itself but I was always real skeptical
of that ever happening Star Wars
Battlefront 2 EA 2017 super supreme
deluxe edition represents gaming at its
most volatile and controversial is it a
game or a slot machine disguised as one
is this targeting children is that not
since the days of San Andreas and Vice
City with Jack Thompson do I remember a
single game causing such a ruckus but
even then I don't think Jack Thompson
ever reached internationally like this
whole loop box fiasco did Battlefront 2
was the result of years of exploitative
business practices horrible launches
with barely any Content promises of
fixing and making the game playable a
lack of understanding of what made the
battlefront game so awesome and just an
awful attitude from business-to-consumer
is this good for the player and this is
Star
man okay you cannot [__] up that bad if
you are using Star Wars okay yeah it's
been pretty bad in the past but all this
pent-up rage culminated in a single
reddit comment that would explode
sending ripples through the force and
across the far reaches of the galaxy of
course this is all just legend
the tragedy of death EA the greedy so
with everything stacked against them as
a result of their own actions EA and
dice scrambled all fighters to contain
mitigate and heal the situation as best
as possible that was the fall of
battlefront too but it's time to see how
the game has risen like Jesus Christ and
now having completed my latest journey
into the most controversial Star Wars
video game I can safely say it's worth
playing got you oh I'm serious but
before we strap on our space diapers and
jump straight into this I get questions
all the time act man how do you get
views on YouTube establish a channel and
build a fan base well my friend the
journey to making awesome content starts
with how you make it and for people new
to editing there's no better software
I'd recommend than the sponsor of this
video film or a nine one of the biggest
hurdles for people is they don't want to
invest money in an editing software when
they don't know if they're gonna want to
keep doing it but nobody wants to deal
with Windows Movie Maker
but film or a9 is an amazing software
for beginners there's tons of pre-made
effects to spice up your video
transitions to smooth it out titles that
make it easy to add text the interface
is sleek and simple this is a great way
to get into video production which you
can do by using the link on screen and
in the description it is free and they
also offer a pro version with more
features if you find you like the soft
and want to get more into it so go do it
download film more on 9 today edit some
videos and have fun
with that being said let's jump into
battlefront 2
isn't it interesting how every online
multiplayer video game has its own life
cycle do you ever think hey is there
still a hardcore original doom fanbase
playing that game from 1993 what's the
oldest active semi popular video game
out there how do you carve out relevance
continuous relevance in such a
competitive market that's the question
that the battlefront to shareholders
wanted the answer to really badly
where's my [__] money Andrew I
honestly thought battlefront 2 would
have been a throwaway game after all the
backlash decreased sales and how the
game was essentially forced to be on
sale at all times but battlefront whose
life cycle is still going strong and I
chalk that up to the massive
game-changing improvements that kept
people coming back last Jedi season
adding in Finn Captain phasma a new hero
ship great couple Maps progression
overhaul removed loop boxes added class
specific XP skill points credit
requirements for heroes and champions
removed solo season Jabba's palace
extraction the third millennium falcon
cosmetic skins for young han solo Clone
Wars season 11 months of consistent
Clone Wars content including General
Grievous Count Dooku obi-wan Anakin
capital supremacy instant action
Geonosis Valusia new troopers vehicles
the droid akha rise of Skywalker tons of
new skins bb-8 BB 90 battle ass Caruth
these are just some of the core
highlights there's way more dice against
all odds have saved this game from
annihilation multiple times
the biggest reason I've been having fun
is due to a very simple yet powerful
change supremacy this is what I've been
saying all along
why is there no conquest where the
command posts where the command post
where is conquest where is that classic
Battlefront 2 gameplay
galactic assault is fun but the maps are
restrictive and linear as hell it feels
like you're doing the same thing yet
these exact same maps opened up in
supremacy this is how Battlefront 2 was
meant to be played all-out chaotic
warfare the beauty of it is with such
massive landscapes there are endless
opportunities for unique engagements
with other players on Felucia I found
this really cool camping spa and just
stayed there for a while getting kills
until eventually I was flushed out and I
had to run around and find another place
I've always wanted to play as an Ewok
and shoot Darth Maul with a bow and
arrow I mean you could do things like
sneak through the enemy's forces in
supremacy where there are kill barriers
and galactic assault you can use a tank
the entire match you're forced to get
out in galactic assault by removing
and/or extending the battle lines dice
have vastly improved the gameplay
there's one time we were assaulting the
cloned base and me and my buddy mode
just charged past a hundred guys
destroyed the interior it was such an
awesome way to win in some maps of
supremacy there are two phases where you
fight on the ground
the winning team boards the other ship
gets a chance to take down their systems
from the inside if they fail run out of
time you guys go back to the ground in
another round begins it's got that
battlefield 1 operations type magic with
just how long the matches can go for
sometimes we get the best of both worlds
with supremacy the freedom of engagement
in the first phase and a more linear
objective style in Phase two what's
great about conquest and command posts
is it gives every single player at least
5 things to go do players can choose any
one of them and they're bound to find
some action there you had so few options
before and now you have so many did I
mention they also added in BOTS on the
ground
you might remember these guys were only
in Starfighter assault for some reason
but
now battles feel way larger than they
used to the great thing about
battlefront games is even if you weren't
good against other players the bots gave
every person regardless of skill
something to shoot at what battlefront
too has achieved is recreating what made
the original game so fun in a modern
version and that's all I've really asked
for
what they've also achieved is a huge
sandbox brimming with potential sure it
takes a bit of time to learn what each
unit does and I constantly have to
refresh myself anytime I use heroes but
it's way better than it has been it is
an immense task to properly represent
all three eras of Star Wars equally and
over time dice has done a great job of
that
at launch there were two prequel heroes
now look isn't it as beautiful as
Chancellor Palpatine can we get a
chancellor palpatine skin please that
would be awesome now it's real hard to
keep track of the total number of maps
because many of them are mode specific
or split up but sweep Jesus there's a
ton of them map rotation is excellent
I'm not getting bored or tired of any of
them I don't feel like I'm repeatedly
playing the same experience
a ferocious fight but we gold and evil
in the thick of the Clone Wars the
forces of the Galactic Republic and the
separatists clutch in a high-stakes
tug-of-war initially Battlefront -
didn't have much Star Wars magic you
know those moments that tickle you on
the inside him and bring out the most
carefree fun-loving parts of ourselves
this game was muddled by controversy it
felt very corporatized like nobody was
really listening to what people wanted
but with every update the game got more
love in terms of like character skins
emotes voice lines references those
things that make you glad you're a Star
Wars fan familiar quotes have really the
biggest nostalgia boner you can imagine
banter between the heroes and villains
are so awesome to hear in the moment
even if it's just Finn and Captain
phasma talking [__] ah the names Finn
who's in charge now phasma
but the game is vast as battlefront it's
about the variety of encounters emotes
represent classic character moments from
the film's outfits for all heroes and
classes allow you to express yourself
fashionably what I remember about the
rise of the empire is is how quiet it
was from the character models to voice
actors mannerisms animations every
character now holds that Star Wars
spirit inside of it
and you gotta respect some of the
original voice actors from the films and
Clone Wars series reprising their roles
in this game it makes it feel authentic
there's no better fit for the job
microtransactions still exists but it's
just buying crystals to buy skins and
whatnot I'm totally fine with this as
you get pretty good amounts of credits
each match I don't know if I pointed
this out but the voice announcers are
also really good
this your fault
hey you can't talk to me like that I
can't tell you how hyped I was when I
dropped into a match on Kamino and I saw
oh yes holy [__] who's next huh who's
next
a clone commando he's got the grenade
launcher
now we're talking it's go time baby
for me personally moments like these
make for immense fanservice reconnecting
me to the Star Wars franchise the fact
that dice even gave a [__] about
Republic Commando it warms my heart and
it was really in the heart of these
updates that battlefront too extended
its lifecycle 28 updates over the course
of twenty six months almost a major
update every month each were substantial
representing the movies I mean this is
now the game for Star Wars fans
I feel have been overly harsh towards
the gameplay in the past maybe due in
part to nostalgia but most of my
complaints honestly come down to
preference I don't like how every weapon
has the same battery charge mechanic
attached to it it makes battlefront to
more casual yeah and also allows players
to continue fighting and not necessarily
worry about ammo that's kind of cool
lightsaber combat is kind of a
[__] of just mashing buttons
vehicles can be extremely janky and
sometimes the map design doesn't
accommodate them well speeder vehicles
suck pretty bad I hate this [__] when
you can't aim at half the things you'll
want to shoot there aren't many weapons
for the base classes and even fewer
attachments no feasible way to level up
heroes without sweating your nuts off
and heroes versus villains but here's
where I give battlefront to some major
props I've come to appreciate the core
gameplay everything from the hip boxes
time-to-kill weapon recoil rolling
aiming special abilities it feels tight
precise and fluid swapping between first
and third perspectives is seamless can
give you a tactical advantage at times
whereas in the original you had to go
into the menu and even then first-person
looks pretty ghetto didn't even have
reload animations the core gameplay has
always felt junky and a bit glitchy it
still is maybe it's just the engine I
mean battlefield 1 wasn't perfect either
but in most cases it's forgivable most
movement sprinting shooting all feel
exceptional even though the base classes
are somewhat limited and loadout choices
every operator brings something to the
table it's really into strategies you
develop by yourself or with a squad that
gives bf2 its skill gap this game is
visually stunning top of the line even
two-and-a-half years after release
there's so much blaster fire explosions
and craziness happening all at once I
remember I was playing a match on Hoth
shooting from a turret and when I missed
it was cool to see an explosion way in
the background
it gave depth to the area I was fighting
in
star cards still give players a big time
advantage but there is only so much they
could do to improve this system star
cards were too far integrated to rip out
between everything there's a total of a
hundred and thirty-eight star cards to
equip and it's still a nightmare keeping
tabs on everything with your weapons
heroes special units yet also creates a
seemingly endless grind so there is that
these are interface is still unintuitive
you can't unlock new star cards in the
middle of a match you have to go to the
main menu to do that when you look at
weapon challenges it just says available
in milestones
now you also no longer have to manually
claim challenges which is again just
like another why would why would you do
that sort of thing and quite possibly
the most annoying aspect of battlefront
2 was it's horrific lag and busted-ass
servers rarely does the game stutter or
become unplayable due to lag I think
I've only seen that in two matches and
it was very short space battles are
still a major highlight again even if
you aren't getting kills playing the
objective allows you to feel like you
have an impact on the outcome of a match
flight controls are so awesome it feels
like a separate game to be honest
I especially love the map with the
shield generators and everything such a
great gimmick creates safe barriers and
it's a lot of fun to play around also
like any Battlefield game people just
wait until they can play as a hero so
even if you're doing really well you can
have a match where you don't even play
as one and sometimes you can keep
spawning as a hero endlessly because
you've got tabs on it you know balancing
is difficult for a beast like this I've
seen a lot of people complain about
heroes being overpowered and this this
and that but they're supposed to be you
know sometimes you just got to bite the
bullet against a hero or something and
other times I've killed a hero outright
or at least did some serious damage look
at how I destroyed this bb-8 here I am
such a pro gamer obviously the best
players with max star cards are still
gonna sweep the game but the point is
you feel like you can still contribute
to me everything feels a little
overpowered when I'm using it
battlefront 2 may not be the masterpiece
we all wanted it to be but content wise
it's what I'd hoped for but you don't
just have to take my word for it I
brought on an expert Zen man take it
away
yeah hi thanks for having me yeah this
games pretty good now it sucked before
now it doesn't I mean look this is the
hero screen before now it's this that's
just one example if you ask me this
game's one of the best Triple A titles
on the market right now it's cheap and
it has so much content although about
half of it is polished but unfortunately
all good things must come to an end and
you know I'm kind of relieved I've been
playing battlefront 2 for 3 years
it's a great game but maybe I want to
play something else huh maybe you stick
to the lines man shut up if I did be
here and I'm not even getting paid
I will torpedo this alright
well we've tackled the fall and rise of
Battlefront too but now I want to
address the people who are upset that
this is the end the die-hard fans who
persisted and stuck with this game I
don't judge you at all for that in fact
I think it's commendable because without
you this game wouldn't have gotten a
second chance look I understand there
are so many characters units and maps
they could have added I understand this
might be your favorite game and you
don't want to see support die and with
it the playerbase make no mistake
battlefront 2 is way different now and
when I think of all the resources and
time money energy spent creating what is
essentially free content for everyone
who owns the game
I applaud dice for sticking with this so
far isn't it funny that people
petitioned to have this game cancelled
or something like that and now they're
petitioning for more updates
the turnaround has been astronomical
this is not the same monster that tried
to invade our wallets three years ago
and my boy Steven Ford sums it up
perfectly it's time for something new
sounds like dice is pulling everyone
together to focus on a brand new
battlefield set for 2021 with no mention
of a new Star Wars game yet now just
because I see battlefront - in a
different light does not mean I would be
okay with anything like this ever again
if dice and EA don't learn from the
mistakes they made with both of these
titles then I'm afraid we might be
doomed to another decade of mediocre
unsatisfying Star Wars games at this
point I'm going to throw in my two cents
on what I would have liked to see most
in Battlefront - you know the original
bf2 was magical it had the perfect blend
of chaotic fun and strategic shooting
the wide array of content was just
unmatched I've always felt like the 2005
version held the keys you know the
blueprint to the successful perfect
battlefront formula you follow the
features of that game you can't go wrong
Magna guards would have been pretty
[__] dope 2017 is definitely a more
refined game overall yet
galactic assault and space battles never
got a map with ship-to-ship boarding or
had vehicles with multiple players which
again is why things like the warthog are
so fun is because you're driving with a
friend there's someone else multi
passenger vehicles add a layer of
cooperation and strategy
Ewok hunt is a great idea but loses
appeal real fast as each match is only
one round
there's so little action I would have
loved a dedicated hunt playlist with all
the gimmicky matchups like Tusken
Raiders vs. Jawas wampas vs rebels
Gungans vers droids custom games would
have been awesome as well even if you
had to pay to rent a server I would love
to do that for some big-ass custom game
nights and this clip from thrill seeker
15 on reddit showcases a chaotic version
of heroes vs. villains in a 32b 32
matchup and it's so reminiscent of the
classic version which was surprisingly
fun yet not balanced at all there's no
end to the features dice could have
added yet I think where we stand now is
definitely on the high ground
it's been a long wild ride with Star
Wars Battlefront 2 EA and now at the end
of all things I can honestly say I'm
having fun I have a newfound
appreciation for the game and everything
it offers all the fiasco and
controversies seem to be a thing of the
past we won't forget them but at least
now I can enjoy this game like I always
wanted to and I never want to see
another Star Wars game launch like this
ever again I don't want Star Wars or any
video games to rely so much on
post-launch support because that's only
good for the people that stick around in
the long term several core issues I have
are still there willing to overlook some
of them but for what it's worth this is
as close as any game has ever gotten to
recreating the magic of the original
battlefront games even without all the
potential features we wanted but we'll
never get to see battlefront - feels
completed it's not a ten out of ten
but it's complete we had a long drought
of Star Wars gaming experiences
throughout EA's tenure but with fallen
order and the end of Star Wars
Battlefront
the future is looking bright until
Disney extends the licensing deal with
EA and we go through this for another 10
years
listen up Spartans it's Steve downs the
voice of Master Chief CRO one one seven
subscribe to the act man for awesome
content and finish the fight
Master Chief